DOCS-7689 edited the intro content (#226)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> API Manager 2.x was released in November 2017. If you created an Anypoint Platform account after the November release, use API Manager 2.x to manage APIs as described in this documentation. Otherwise, switch to API Manager 1.x documentation using the version dropdown in the left navigation.

Reviewer: Just a bit shorter:
```suggestion
If you created an Anypoint Platform account after November 2017, use API Manager 2.x to manage APIs. Otherwise, see the API Manager 1.x documentation listed in the version menu in the left navigation bar.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> You use Design Center to author and update RAML specifications if you created your applications after the November release. Applications are automatically deployed to CloudHub when you use Design Center to develop your APIs. 

Reviewer: Parallelism:
```suggestion
If you created an Anypoint Platform account after November 2017, use Design Center to author and update RAML specifications. Applications are automatically deployed to CloudHub when you use Design Center to develop your APIs. 
```

Reviewer: Or consider this:
If you created ...before November 2017, use the API 1.x doc....
+ 
If you created...2017:
* Use API Manager 2.x to manage APIs.
Note that you can manage...4.x only by using...
* Use API Manager 2.x to deploy an API proxy to other servers.
* Use Design Center to....

Author: Done! Thanks!

> To deploy an API proxy to other servers, you can use API Manager. 

Reviewer: Which version?
```suggestion
To deploy an API proxy to other servers, use API Manager. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> You can manage Mule runtime engine 4.x APIs only with API Manager 2.x.

Reviewer: Take a look at suggested reorg.

Author: Done! Thanks!
